README.rst, before:

==========
COAST_CORE
==========


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/coast_core.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/coast_core

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/zedrem/coast_core.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.org/zedrem/coast_core

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/coast-core/badge/?version=latest
        :target: https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
        :alt: Documentation Status




COAST_CORE is a tool designed for aiding the credibility assessment of online
articles. It is a collection of modules that are useful for assessing various aspects of credibility.

* Free software: MIT license
* Documentation: https://coast-core.readthedocs.io.


Features
--------
COAST_CORE is made up of several modules for:

* `N-Gram extraction <https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/ngram_extraction.html>`_
* `Citation detection and classification <https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/citations.html>`_
* `Clarity of writing assessment <https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/clarity_of_writing.html>`_
* `Code detection <https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/code_detection.html>`_
* `Event detection <https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/events.html>`_
* `Keyword detection <https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/markers.html>`_
* `Named entity detection <https://coast-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/named_entities.html>`_

Prerequisites
-------------
The tool is built in Python 3 and tested in versions 3.5 and 3.6.

There are two methods of named entity detection included as part of COAST_CORE. For
running the Stanford named entity detection, you will need Java_ installed.

.. _Java: https://java.com/en/download/

Installation
------------

To install COAST_CORE, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install coast_core

This is the preferred method to install COAST_CORE, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_ can guide
you through the process.

To install from source, visit our documentation_.

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/

.. _documentation: https://coast-core.readthedocs.io

Commit message:

Updated all files and structure to coast_search

README.rst, after:

==========
COAST_SEARCH
==========


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/coast_search.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/coast_search

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/zedrem/coast_search.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.org/zedrem/coast_search

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/coast-search/badge/?version=latest
        :target: https://coast-search.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
        :alt: Documentation Status




COAST_SEARCH allows you to generate and run queries against the Google Custom Search API.

* Free software: MIT license
* Documentation: https://coast-search.readthedocs.io.


Features
--------
With COAST_SEARCH you can:

* Generate and run queries based on the multi-dimensional search logic outlined by Rainer and Williams in IST'18_ 
* Define your own queries to run

.. _IST'18: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584918302192


Prerequisites
-------------
The tool is built in Python 3 and tested in versions 3.5 and 3.6.

You are required to set up and provide your own API keys and Search Engine ID's for searching against the Google Custom Search API. Details on how to do so can be found `online here`_

.. _online here: https://developers.google.com/custom-search/v1/overview

Installation
------------

To install COAST_SEARCH, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install coast_search

This is the preferred method to install COAST_SEARCH, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_ can guide
you through the process.

To install from source, visit our documentation_.

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/

.. _documentation: https://coast-search.readthedocs.io
